add kb UI docs (#747)
elevenlabs/elevenlabs-docs: fern/conversational-ai/pages/customization/knowledge-base/ui.mdx

---
title: Knowledge base dashboard
subtitle: Learn how to manage and organize your knowledge base through the ElevenLabs dashboard
---

## Overview

The [knowledge base dashboard](https://elevenlabs.io/app/conversational-ai/knowledge-base) provides a centralized way to manage documents and track their usage across your AI agents. This guide explains how to navigate and use the knowledge base dashboard effectively.

<Frame background="subtle">
  ![Knowledge base main interface showing list of
  documents](/assets/images/conversational-ai/kb-content.png)
</Frame>

## Adding existing documents to agents

When configuring an agent's knowledge base, you can easily add existing documents to an agent.

1. Navigate to the agent's [configuration](https://elevenlabs.io/app/conversational-ai/)

> 2. Click "Add document" in the knowledge base section of the `Agent` tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click "Add document" in the knowledge base section of the "Agent" tab.
```

3. The option to select from your existing knowledge base documents or upload a new document will appear.

<Frame background="subtle">
  ![Interface for adding documents to an
  agent](/assets/images/conversational-ai/kb-add-doc-items.png)
</Frame>

<Tip>
  Documents can be reused across multiple agents, making it efficient to maintain consistent
  knowledge across your workspace.
</Tip>

## Document dependencies

> Each document in your knowledge base includes a `Agents` tab that shows which agents are currently dependent on that document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each document in your knowledge base includes a "Agents" tab that shows which agents currently depend on that document.
```
